#ident	"@(#)lp.admin:printers/forms/Help	1.2"
ABSTRACT:
	[GENERAL]
	The "forms" menu gives you several tasks: for adding new
	preprinted forms to the print service; for changing form
	definitions; for mounting forms on printers; for adjusting
	the alerting schedule for unmounted forms; and for examining
	the forms recognized by the print service.
	
	Preprinted forms, by the way, include the various kinds of
	paper stock you may want to use in your printers. The Line Printer Service lets you define enough of the form so that the
	print service can prescreen users' requests, route users'
	print requests to the proper destination, caution against
	using a form with the wrong printer, and remind you that it
	is time to mount a new form.
	
add.help:ABSTRACT:
add.help:	[GENERAL]
add.help:	You use the "add" task to add a new
add.help:	preprinted form to the Line Printer Service. A preprinted
add.help:	form is the special paper you want to print on such as blank
add.help:	checks, blank vouchers, labels, company letter-head, etc.
add.help:	By telling the Line Printer Service a few details about the
add.help:	forms you'll be using, the service will keep track of them
add.help:	and will: alert you when a form needs to be mounted, verify
add.help:	that a printer can handle a form, and initialize a printer
add.help:	to print correctly on the form.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Name of form:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter the name of the new form. You
add.help:	should choose any name that makes sense to you and will be
add.help:	understood by your users, as long as you limit it to 14
add.help:	characters or less, and use only letters, digits, and
add.help:	underscores. You must name every form you add to the print
add.help:	service.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Page length:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
add.help:	"i" or "c", that specifies the length of the page on which
add.help:	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
add.help:	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
add.help:	either letter means the value is the number of lines.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Page width:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
add.help:	"i" or "c", that specifies the width of the page on which
add.help:	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
add.help:	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
add.help:	either letter means the value is the number of columns.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Lines Per Inch:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
add.help:	"i" or "c", that specifies the line spacing (line pitch) to
add.help:	be used to print your files. A trailing "i" would scale the
add.help:	number to lines per inch, a trailing "c" would scale it to
add.help:	lines per centimeter; leaving out either letter also scales
add.help:	it to lines per inch.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Characters Per Inch:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
add.help:	"i" or "c", that specifies the column spacing (character
add.help:	pitch) to be used to print your files. A trailing "i" would
add.help:	scale the number to columns per inch, a trailing "c" would
add.help:	scale it to columns per centimeter; leaving out either
add.help:	letter also scales it to columns per inch.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Number of pages in the form:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter a single number that gives the
add.help:	length of the form in pages. This information is only used
add.help:	to truncate alignment patterns to fit on a single form.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Character set to use with the form:]
add.help:	If a particular character set, print wheel, or font
add.help:	cartridge should be used when printing files on this form,
add.help:	enter its name here. You define the ones available when you
add.help:	add printers. This name will be used to automatically
add.help:	select a character set when the form is used on a printer
add.help:	that has selectable character sets, or will be used in a
add.help:	message to you when the Line Printer Service reminds you to
add.help:	mount the form.
add.help:	
add.help:	If you leave this field blank, it will be assumed that any font may be
add.help:	used with this form.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Mandatory or optional character set:]
add.help:	If you enter "mandatory" the character set you named in
add.help:	the previous field will be required when the form is used.
add.help:	Otherwise, enter "optional" and the character set will be
add.help:	recommended only. The difference is that if the set is
add.help:	mandatory, a user cannot override the choice; if it is not
add.help:	mandatory, the character set named will be used by default,
add.help:	but a user can pick a different one to print his or her
add.help:	files.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Ribbon color to use with the form:]
add.help:	You should enter the color of ribbon that should be used
add.help:	when printing on this form. This is informational only; it
add.help:	will be shown when you are reminded to mount a form. Please
add.help:	limit the name of the color to 14 letters, digits, and
add.help:	underscores.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Enter a one-line description of this form for your users:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter a single line of text that will be
add.help:	displayed to people whenever they ask for a description of
add.help:	the form. It's a good idea to keep it short so that it will
add.help:	fit across the screen.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Enter the name of a file containing an alignment pattern:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter the name of a file that contains a
add.help:	sample print-out that can be used to help you align the form
add.help:	in a printer. When you mount the form later, you can ask to
add.help:	get this file printed repeatedly, with a pause between
add.help:	forms, so that you can adjust the printer until the print-
add.help:	out looks correct on the form.
add.help:	
add.help:	WARNING
add.help:	The file you give will be printed as an alignment pattern EXACTLY as it
add.help:	looks now. You should prepare the file so that no sensitive data is shown.
add.help:	A copy of the file will be stored safely on disk so no other user can see
add.help:	it, but sensitive data or real data that is printed as an alignment pattern
add.help:	may be a problem.
add.help:	
add.help:	Just leave this field blank if you don't want an alignment pattern.
add.help:	
add.help:	[What type of file is this?:]
add.help:	So that the alignment pattern in the file you just gave can
add.help:	be properly printed, you should enter its type. The type
add.help:	name you give will be used to ensure that the alignment
add.help:	pattern will be reproduced correctly on the printer where
add.help:	the form is mounted. The Line Printer Service will use a filter
add.help:	to do this if necessary and one is available.
add.help:	
add.help:	Your choice of type here should conform to the type of
add.help:	printer, types of files acceptable by the printers, or types
add.help:	acceptable to the filters, that you have on your system.
add.help:	
add.help:	[Enter a command to run to alert you when the form needs mounting:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter: the word "mail" if you want a
add.help:	message mailed to you when the form needs to be mounted; the
add.help:	word "write" if you want the message sent to whatever
add.help:	terminal you are logged in to; or leave this field blank if you
add.help:	don't want to be reminded. You can also give a shell
add.help:	command if you want to be reminded but not by mail or a
add.help:	written message, or if you want someone else notified.
add.help:	
add.help:	For instance, if you want a message written to the user
add.help:	"pat" enter the following:
add.help:	
add.help:	write pat
add.help:	
add.help:	[How many print requests should be waiting before you are alerted?:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter a single number that gives the
add.help:	size the queue for this form should reach before you are
add.help:	reminded to mount the form. Enter a "1" if you want to be
add.help:	reminded as soon as someone submits a print request for this
add.help:	form.
add.help:	
add.help:	[How frequently should you be alerted?:]
add.help:	You are expected to enter the number of minutes that should
add.help:	elapse between repeated reminders. To keep you informed
add.help:	that a form still needs to be mounted, the Line Printer Service
add.help:	will keep issuing reminders until the form is mounted (or
add.help:	enough print requests needing the form have been canceled or
add.help:	changed to use a different form). Entering ONCE will mean you
add.help:	want to reminded just once.
add.help:	
add.help:	[List the users who are denied access to this form:]
add.help:	You are expected to list the users who are NOT allowed to
add.help:	use this form. Please give the login names or user-ID's of the users,
add.help:	not their proper names. Separate several names with commas.
add.help:	
add.help:	If it is easier to specify access
add.help:	restrictions by listing just those who ARE allowed to use
add.help:	the form, leave this field blank and fill in the next.
add.help:	
add.help:	You can deny EVERYBODY by entering the word "all."
add.help:	
add.help:	[List the only users who are allowed access to this form:]
add.help:	You are expected to list the users who ARE allowed to use
add.help:	this form. Please give the login names or user-ID's of the users, not
add.help:	their proper names. Separate several names with commas.
add.help:	
add.help:	You can allow EVERYBODY by entering the word "all."
display.help:ABSTRACT:
display.help:	[GENERAL]
display.help:	You use the "display" task to see
display.help:	the definitions of one or more forms. You can examine a
display.help:	particular form, or can see all the forms on the system.
display.help:	
display.help:	[Enter form names:]
display.help:	You are expected to enter the name of the form you'd like to
display.help:	examine. You can enter the names of several forms by separating the
display.help:	names with commas.
menu.help:ABSTRACT:
menu.help:	[GENERAL]
menu.help:	The "forms" menu gives you several tasks: for adding new
menu.help:	preprinted forms to the print service; for changing form
menu.help:	definitions; for mounting forms on printers; for adjusting
menu.help:	the alerting schedule for unmounted forms; and for examining
menu.help:	the forms recognized by the print service.
menu.help:	
menu.help:	Preprinted forms, by the way, include the various kinds of
menu.help:	paper stock you may want to use in your printers. The Line Printer Service lets you define enough of the form so that the
menu.help:	print service can prescreen users' requests, route users'
menu.help:	print requests to the proper destination, caution against
menu.help:	using a form with the wrong printer, and remind you that it
menu.help:	is time to mount a new form.
menu.help:	
modify.help:ABSTRACT:
modify.help:	[GENERAL]
modify.help:	You use the "modify" task to modify the definition of a
modify.help:	form. The same information you gave when you added the form
modify.help:	will provide the defaults for each item you are asked to
modify.help:	respecify, so you can quickly step through the definition to
modify.help:	find the item you want to modify.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Name of form:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter the name of the form you want to
modify.help:	modify. If you don't know the name, press CHOICES for a
modify.help:	list of known forms.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Page length:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
modify.help:	"i" or "c", that specifies the length of the page on which
modify.help:	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
modify.help:	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
modify.help:	either letter means the value is the number of lines.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Page width:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
modify.help:	"i" or "c", that specifies the width of the page on which
modify.help:	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
modify.help:	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
modify.help:	either letter means the value is the number of columns.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Lines Per Inch:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
modify.help:	"i" or "c", that specifies the line spacing (line pitch) to
modify.help:	be used to print your files. A trailing "i" would scale the
modify.help:	number to lines per inch, a trailing "c" would scale it to
modify.help:	lines per centimeter; leaving out either letter also scales
modify.help:	it to lines per inch.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Characters Per Inch:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
modify.help:	"i" or "c", that specifies the column spacing (character
modify.help:	pitch) to be used to print your files. A trailing "i" would
modify.help:	scale the number to columns per inch, a trailing "c" would
modify.help:	scale it to columns per centimeter; leaving out either
modify.help:	letter also scales it to columns per inch.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Number of pages in the form:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter a single number that gives the
modify.help:	length of the form in pages. This information is only used
modify.help:	to truncate alignment patterns to fit on a single form.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Character set to use with the form:]
modify.help:	If a particular character set, print wheel, or font
modify.help:	cartridge should be used when printing files on this form,
modify.help:	enter its name here. You define the ones available when you
modify.help:	add printers. This name will be used to automatically
modify.help:	select a character set when the form is used on a printer
modify.help:	that has selectable character sets, or will be used in a
modify.help:	message to you when the Line Printer Service reminds you to
modify.help:	mount the form.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	If you leave this field blank, it will be assumed that any font may be
modify.help:	used with this form.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Mandatory or optional character set:]
modify.help:	If you enter "mandatory" the character set you named in
modify.help:	the previous field will be required when the form is used.
modify.help:	Otherwise, enter "optional" and the character set will be
modify.help:	recommended only. The difference is that if the set is
modify.help:	mandatory, a user cannot override the choice; if it is not
modify.help:	mandatory, the character set named will be used by default,
modify.help:	but a user can pick a different one to print his or her
modify.help:	files.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Ribbon color to use with the form:]
modify.help:	You should enter the color of ribbon that should be used
modify.help:	when printing on this form. This is informational only; it
modify.help:	will be shown when you are reminded to mount a form. Please
modify.help:	limit the name of the color to 14 letters, digits, and
modify.help:	underscores.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Enter a one-line description of this form for your users:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter a single line of text that will be
modify.help:	displayed to people whenever they ask for a description of
modify.help:	the form. It's a good idea to keep it short so that it will
modify.help:	fit across the screen.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Enter the name of a file containing an alignment pattern:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter the name of a file that contains a
modify.help:	sample print-out that can be used to help you align the form
modify.help:	in a printer. When you mount the form later, you can ask to
modify.help:	get this file printed repeatedly, with a pause between
modify.help:	forms, so that you can adjust the printer until the print-
modify.help:	out looks correct on the form.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	WARNING
modify.help:	The file you give will be printed as an alignment pattern EXACTLY as it
modify.help:	looks now. You should prepare the file so that no sensitive data is shown.
modify.help:	A copy of the file will be stored safely on disk so no other user can see
modify.help:	it, but sensitive data or real data that is printed as an alignment pattern
modify.help:	may be a problem.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	Just leave this field blank if you don't want an alignment pattern.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Type of file containing:]
modify.help:	So that the alignment pattern in the file you just gave can
modify.help:	be properly printed, you should enter its type. The type
modify.help:	name you give will be used to ensure that the alignment
modify.help:	pattern will be reproduced correctly on the printer where
modify.help:	the form is mounted. The Line Printer Service will use a filter
modify.help:	to do this if necessary and one is available.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	Your choice of type here should conform to the type of
modify.help:	printer, types of files acceptable by the printers, or types
modify.help:	acceptable to the filters, that you have on your system.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Enter a command to run to alert you when the form needs mounting:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter: the word "mail" if you want a
modify.help:	message mailed to you when the form needs to be mounted; the
modify.help:	word "write" if you want the message sent to whatever
modify.help:	terminal you are logged in to; or leave this field blank if you
modify.help:	don't want to be reminded. You can also give a shell
modify.help:	command if you want to be reminded but not by mail or a
modify.help:	written message, or if you want someone else notified.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	For instance, if you want a message written to the user
modify.help:	"pat" enter the following:
modify.help:	
modify.help:	write pat
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[How many print requests should be waiting before you are alerted?:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter a single number that gives the
modify.help:	size the queue for this form should reach before you are
modify.help:	reminded to mount the form. Enter a "1" if you want to be
modify.help:	reminded as soon as someone submits a print request for this
modify.help:	form.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[Frequency of alerts:]
modify.help:	You are expected to enter the number of minutes that should
modify.help:	elapse between repeated reminders. To keep you informed
modify.help:	that a form still needs to be mounted, the Line Printer Service
modify.help:	will keep issuing reminders until the form is mounted (or
modify.help:	enough print requests needing the form have been canceled or
modify.help:	changed to use a different form). Entering ONCE will mean you
modify.help:	want to reminded just once.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[List the users who are denied access to this form:]
modify.help:	You are expected to list the users who are NOT allowed to
modify.help:	use this form. Please give the login names or user-ID's of the users,
modify.help:	not their proper names. Separate several names with commas.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	If you've already given a list of users, any names you give
modify.help:	now will be ADDED to the list; if you want to allow someone
modify.help:	who's already been denied, leave this field blank and enter their name
modify.help:	in the next. If it is easier to specify access
modify.help:	restrictions by listing just those who ARE allowed to use
modify.help:	the form, leave this field blank and fill in the next.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	You can deny EVERYBODY by entering the word "all."
modify.help:	
modify.help:	[List the only users who are allowed access to this form:]
modify.help:	You are expected to list the users who ARE allowed to use
modify.help:	this form. Please give the login names or user-ID's of the users, not
modify.help:	their proper names. Separate several names with commas.
modify.help:	
modify.help:	If you've already given a list of users, any names you give
modify.help:	now will be ADDED to the list. You can allow EVERYBODY by
modify.help:	entering the word "all."
remove.help:ABSTRACT:
remove.help:	[GENERAL]
remove.help:	You use the "remove" task to remove a form from the print
remove.help:	service. No more print requests will be accepted for it
remove.help:	and the form definition will be destroyed. Any print
remove.help:	requests currently queued to print on this form will be
remove.help:	CANCELED.
remove.help:	
remove.help:	
remove.help:	[Enter the names of the forms to remove:]
remove.help:	You are expected to enter the name of the form you want to
remove.help:	remove. You can give a list of forms to remove by
remove.help:	separating the names with commas. If you don't
remove.help:	know a form name, press CHOICES, to get a list of known forms.
remove.help:	
remove.help:	NOTE
remove.help:	If any print requests are currently queued to print on the form(s), you will
remove.help:	not be able to remove them.
status.help:ABSTRACT:
status.help:	[GENERAL]
status.help:	You use the "forms" task to get a
status.help:	list of all forms you have defined in the print service.
status.help:	The report will include an indication of which printers the
status.help:	forms are currently mounted on.
